Set the date to 1. October 2020 (#142)
dns-violations/dnsflagday: 2020/index.md

- Fujiwara K., "[Measures against cache poisoning attacks using IP fragmentation in DNS](https://indico.dns-oarc.net/event/31/contributions/692/)", May 2019
- Fujiwara K. et al, "[Avoid IP fragmentation in DNS](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-fujiwara-dnsop-avoid-fragmentation)", September 2019

Recently, there was an paper and presentation [Defragmenting DNS - Determining
the optimal maximum UDP response size for DNS
](https://indico.dns-oarc.net/event/36/contributions/776/) by Axel Koolhaas, and

> Tjeerd Slokker in collaboration with NlNetLabs that explored the real world data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tjeerd Slokker in collaboration with NLnet Labs that explored the real world data
```
